
As described in our H-1B petition filed on behalf of Sandeep Marupudi, as Oracle Identity Management (OIM) Developer at Aiotics (Client Name), Sandeep Marupudi will apply his advanced academic knowledge and professional experience of

Develop, Implement and integrate Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) procedures which includes Business Analysis/Modelling, User interaction, Code Management, Deployments, builds, testing and documenting the procedures as per the client requirement and able to customize the User interface provided by Oracle as per client requirement and in performing these duties, MR. Sandeep Marupudi will spend approximately 20% of his time per week (8hrs) and Mr. Marupudi will migrate the organization data from Oracle Identity management 11gR2 version to 11gR3 version which has enhanced functionality of automating the User provisioning into target systems such as Microsoft Active directory (AD) and Oracle Unified Directory (OUD).

Additionally, Mr. Sandeep Marupudi will participate and Collaborate closely with our Application Managers, Software development team and Enterprise Architects to ensure proper configuration of Weblogic and frontend LDAP servers as per client requirements since those configurations are key for creating the access policies, membership rules and criteria based rules for provisioning of users. The configuration and customization has to be done as per client requirement and also need to follow WEB CEC Standards. This will approximately take 20% of his time per week (8hrs).
Provide daily oversight and maintenance of Oracle Weblogic and LDAP servers.

Further, the Oracle Identity Manager (OIM) developer position mainly focuses on developing Custom Connectors which are not available out of the box by oracle and are client specific and also developing custom Pre-populate adapters and Process tasks. Custom Connectors acts as a bridge between Organization Human Resource (HR) systems to identity management system. By bringing in the user details from HR System to Oracle Identity Management (OIM) it will enable the process of Onboarding the user automated process and provisioning of target systems such as Microsoft Active Directory and Oracle Unified Directory. Once user is provisioned with target systems, user will get access to organization resources thus making the development of connectors as a key component for any organization to automate the process of user Onboarding. In doing these development work MR. Sandeep Marupudi will spend approximately 40% of his time per week (16hrs). In the process of developing connectors, adapters and process tasks he will be using different coding languages like Java and shell scripting.

Moreover, Mr. Marupudi will spend his additional 20% of his time (8hrs per week) deploying out of the box available connectors such as Microsoft Exchange (Outlook) and Flatfile connectors for Role based access provisioning (RBAC). RBAC enables an organization to automate the process of user Onboarding process by provisioning the target accounts such as AD, OUD and also creation of mailbox based on a role assigned to that user in HR system. Also applying Patches to the Oracle Identity Management (OIM) servers which Oracle releases every quarter. Monitoring the server logs on regular basis in identifying the user provisioning issues and reconciliation issues. Also interacting with customers in gathering their requirements and analyzing the issues they face on daily basis.

Mr. Sandeep Marupudi is hired by Company as a full-time regular employee and works for a standard 40 hours per week.  Please see below table as the summary of his above listed tasks and the percentage (%) of the time spent on each duty.
